>> AND THAT'S YOUR LATEST
WEATHER, SAVANNAH
>> AL, THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>>> IT IS 2014, AS WE KNOW, NOT
TOO EARLY TO TALK ABOUT THE 2016
RACE FOR THE WHITE HOUSE.
IT IS HEATING UP NOW.
FORMER FLORIDA GOVERNOR, JEB
BUSH, HAS TAKEN A BIG STEP
TOWARD SEEKING THE REPUBLICAN
NOMINATION, ANNOUNCING ON
FACEBOOK HE HAS DECIDED TO
"ACTIVELY EXPLORE THE
POSSIBILITY OF RUNNING" AND HE
HAD MORE TO SAY TO OUR MIAMI
STATION, WTVJ.
TAKE A LISTEN.
>> IF I CAN GET COMFORTABLE WITH
BEING A CANDIDATE THAT GIVES
PEOPLE HOPE THAT WE CAN FIX SOME
OF THESE PROBLEMS THAT WE HAVE
SO WE CAN TAKE ADVANTAGE OF OUR
OPPORTUNITIES THAT'S WHAT I'M
PURSUING IT IS NOT AN EASY
DECISION, BECAUSE IT IS A
LIFE-CHANGING ONE FOR A LONG
WHILE.
>> TURN TO CHUCK TODD, NBC'S
POLITICAL DIRECTOR, MODERATOR OF
"MEET THE PRESS."
WE ARE IN THE "MEET THE PRESS"
STUDIO NOW.
>> YEP.
>> SO, JEB HAS DIPPED HIS TOE IN
THE PRESIDENTIAL WATERS.
>> DIPPED HIS TOE?
>> MAYBE HIS WHOLE FOOT?
>> THIS IS BASICALLY -- YOU
DON'T ANNOUNCE YOU'RE EXPLORING
AND THEN NOT RUN.
MOST OF THE TIME, MEANS YOUR
AGENCIES MORING, YOU'RE N
>> NEW POLL NUMBERS THIS
MORNING, YOU POLLED JEB BUSH,
POLL ALL THE REPUBLICAN
FRONT-RUNNER.
31% YES.
>> THE 57 YOU HAVE TO WONDER
ABOUT A LITTLE BIT BECAUSE SOME
OF IT IS CONSERVATIVE
REPUBLICANS THAT IS THE
REASONING IN HIS HEAD WHY HE
WENT EARLY, HE'S WORK TO DO TO
WIN OVER SCEPTICAL CONSERVATIVES
WHO SILT THERE AND SAY WE WENT
WITH ONE BUSH, HE LET US DOWN,
WE WENT WITH A SECOND BUSH, HE
LET US DOWN.
WHY SHOULD WE BELIEVE THE THIRD
BUSH, EVEN MORE CONSERVATIVE IN
HIS LIFE, WHY SHOULD WE BELIEVE
HE WILL BE MORE CONSERVATIVE?
>> TAKEN THE POSITIONS OUTSIDE
CONSERVATIVE ACTIVISTS?
>> THAT'S RIGHT, IMMIGRATION,
EDUCATION, COMMON CORE, THOSE
ARE THE ONES.
HE SAID HE WILL BE A BULWARK
ABOUT IT.
I'M NOT GOING TO PLACATE
CONSERVATIVES ON THOSE TWO
ISSUES, GUESS WHAT?
THEY COULD REALLY BURN HIM.
>> AS WE ROLL THROUGH THE
NUMBERS, MITT ROMNEY LOOKS LIKE
AS A 2016, APPARENTLY, HE IS
REALLY CONSIDERING IT?
>> I TELL YOU THOUGH, THIS IS
ANOTHER IMPACT OF JEB BUSH'S
EARLY DECISION, I THINK THIS
TAKES ALL THE AIR OUT OF THIS
QUIET BALLOON THAT WAS INFLATING
FOR MITT ROMNEY AND A LOT OF BIG
DONORS THAT SAID, YOU KNOW WHAT,
MAYBE WE SHOULD JUST RALLY
AROUND ROMNEY.
BUT JEB GETTING IN, I THINK THIS
DRIES UP THE ROMNEY SUPPORT.
>> TALK ABOUT THE DEMOCRATS.
OBVIOUSLY, PRETTY CLEAR HILLARY
CLINTON IS RUNNING, WE WILL ALL
WAIT FOR AN OFFICIAL
ANNOUNCEMENT.
SHE POLLS VERY, VERY WELL, AS
YOU CAN SEE.
>> POLL --
>> GENERAL ELECTION.
EXACTLY.
THIS REFLECT THE COUNTRY.
>> REFLECTS THE COUNTRY.
WHAT YOU WOULD EXPECT IF SHE ONE
OR LOSS, BOO I A POINT OR TWO
>> A POLL NUMBER THAT MIGHT BE
TROUBLE FOR HILLARY CLINTON
CANDIDACY THAT 71% WANT A
DIRECTION FOR THE COUNTRY
DIFFERENT THAN PRESIDENT OBAMA.
>> THIS IS GOING TO BE HER
CHALLENGE, RIGHT?
SHE HAS TO WALK THAT LINE OF
CHANGE AND YET CONTINUITY WITH
OBAMA.
BY THE WAY, THE BIG JEB BUSH
ANNOUNCEMENT HELPS HILLARY, IT
WILL SCARE DEMOCRATS AND RALLY